Update details on beatmap upload limits in `osu!supporter` + `Help centre/Beatmapping` (#7484)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Help_centre/Beatmapping/zh.md

## 我是osu!supporter，但我没有10个谱面槽位！

> **你拥有的可用谱面槽位取决于你的 ranked 谱面数量。For details, see [osu!supporter § 提高限额](/wiki/osu!supporter#提高限额)。**<!-- FIXME: replace the last sentence with actual translation -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**你拥有的可用谱面槽位取决于你的 ranked 谱面数量。参见：[osu!supporter § 提高限额](/wiki/osu!supporter#提高限额)。**<!-- FIXME: replace the last sentence with actual translation -->
```
